README.md, before:

# Awesome NativeScript Vue
NativeScript-vue resource collection. 

This is a document to be completed together. Collaboration with the "revision" branch.

Thank you


## Official:

[Documentation](https://nativescript-vue.org/#/)

[Repository](https://github.com/nativescript-vue)

[Slack NativeScript](https://developer.telerik.com/wp-login.php?action=slack-invitation)

[Patreon to support the project NativeScript + Vue](https://www.patreon.com/rigor789)

## Published Apps

### Google Play

[Salons Industriels](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.salonsindustriels)

### Apple Store

[Salons Industriels](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/salons-industriels/id1361714685?mt=8)


## Articles

[Getting Started with NativeScript-Vue 1.0](https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2018/03/05/getting-started-vue-nativescript/)

[A Brief Intro to Using Vue.js with NativeScript](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/a-brief-intro-to-using-vue-with-nativescript)

[Nativescript-vue and vue-cli!](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/Nativescript-vue-and-vue-cli.md)

[Enabling Debugging](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/Enabling_debugging.md)

[Installing plugins in the vue-cli template](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/installing-plugins.md)

[Using Plugins in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/using-plugins-in-a-nativescript-vue-app)

[Using Parse in NativeScript-Vue](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-parse-in-nativescript-vue/)

[Native apps with Vue.js: Weex or NativeScript?](https://hackernoon.com/native-apps-with-vue-js-weex-or-nativescript-8d8f0bac041d)

[Jen’s excellent FrontEndDeveloperLove and VueJsAmsterdam adventure](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/jen's-excellent-adventure-in-amsterdam)

[The Writing and Rewriting of EloCute: A NativeScript-Vue Story](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/the-writing-and-rewriting-of-elocute-a-nativescript-vue-story)

[Setting Up a Robust NativeScript-Vue Development Environment](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/setting-up-a-robust-nativescript-vue-development-environment)

[Using NativeScript to build Particle-powered mobile apps](https://www.hackster.io/brandonsatrom/using-nativescript-to-build-particle-powered-mobile-apps-ea6e99)

[Unsung Heroes of Vue: Igor Randjelovic](https://medium.com/@oneminutejs/unsung-heroes-of-vue-igor-randjelovic-5a3cb92907a3)

[Key-Value Local Storage in a Vue.js NativeScript App with Vuex](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/key-value-local-storage-in-a-vue.js-nativescript-app-with-vuex)

[Data Management with SQLite and Vuex in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/data-management-with-sqlite-and-vuex-in-a-nativescript-vue-app)

[Getting Started with building Mobile Apps with NativeScript and Vue.js](https://itnext.io/getting-started-with-building-mobile-apps-with-nativescript-and-vue-js-59a7dcf24cd)

[Make HTTP Requests to Remote Web Services in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2018/07/02/vue-js-native-script-vue-http-web-service/)

[Include Feature-Rich Maps in a NativeScript-Vue App with Mapbox](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/include-feature-rich-maps-in-a-nativescript-vue-app-with-mapbox)

[Using Typescript in Nativescript-Vue Apps](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-typescript-in-nativescript-vue/)

[Using Fonticons](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-fonticons/)

[Renderless Components in NativeScript-Vue](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/renderless-components-in-nativescript-vue)

## Videos

[Creating Engaging Mobile Apps with NativeScript and Vue](https://www.todojs.com/creating-engaging-mobile-apps-with-nativescript-and-vue/)

[A New Vue for NativeScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDqsuLQqLrQ)

[Jen Looper - Cheese Comparing NativeScript, Ionic, and React Native for Mobile App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Kqtg1Mw2wc)

## Slider's

[Create An Engaging Mobile App With NativeScript And Vue.Js](http://slides.com/telerikdevrel/ns-vue#/)

## Code Examples:

### Playground: 

[Easy app for drawing circles](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-vue&id=nbDfjl)

[Example FontAwesome](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-vue&id=0MEBO4&v=2)

### GitHub:

[TableDraw (example of using socket.io)](https://github.com/Gonzalo2310/PanelDraw-NativeScript-Vue)

[A NativeScript+Vue iOS and Android app for managing grocery lists](https://github.com/tralves/groceries-ns-vue)

[Web site and Mobile app for language teachers and their students](https://github.com/jlooper/elocute)

[A story about how I finally got Nativescript, Vue, Typescript, and Webpack 4 to be in the same room without screaming and hair-tearing.](https://github.com/sgehly/Nativescript-Vue-Typescript-Example)

[Demo project of ns-vue with code sharing between web and native builds.](https://github.com/tralves/ns-vue-codeshare-demo)


## Template's:

[A sample repo to show how to integrate the Vue-CLI template with a router](https://github.com/jlooper/ns-vue-with-router/)

[A Vue-CLI (2.x) template with `.vue` file support.](https://github.com/nativescript-vue/vue-cli-template)

Commit message:

Added Boilerplate app and new article. (#3)

README.md, after:

# Awesome NativeScript Vue
NativeScript-vue resource collection. 

This is a document to be completed together. Collaboration with the "revision" branch.

Thank you


## Official:

[Documentation](https://nativescript-vue.org/#/)

[Repository](https://github.com/nativescript-vue)

[Slack NativeScript](https://developer.telerik.com/wp-login.php?action=slack-invitation)

[Patreon to support the project NativeScript + Vue](https://www.patreon.com/rigor789)

## Published Apps

### Google Play

[Salons Industriels](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.salonsindustriels)

### Apple Store

[Salons Industriels](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/salons-industriels/id1361714685?mt=8)


## Articles

[Getting Started with NativeScript-Vue 1.0](https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2018/03/05/getting-started-vue-nativescript/)

[A Brief Intro to Using Vue.js with NativeScript](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/a-brief-intro-to-using-vue-with-nativescript)

[Nativescript-vue and vue-cli!](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/Nativescript-vue-and-vue-cli.md)

[Enabling Debugging](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/Enabling_debugging.md)

[Installing plugins in the vue-cli template](https://github.com/damain/Articles/blob/master/posts/installing-plugins.md)

[Using Plugins in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/using-plugins-in-a-nativescript-vue-app)

[Using Parse in NativeScript-Vue](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-parse-in-nativescript-vue/)

Native apps with Vue.js: Weex or NativeScript? [chapter 1](https://hackernoon.com/native-apps-with-vue-js-weex-or-nativescript-8d8f0bac041d) and [chapter 2](https://hackernoon.com/native-apps-with-vue-js-weex-or-nativescript-chapter-ii-6d1776da090d)

[Jen’s excellent FrontEndDeveloperLove and VueJsAmsterdam adventure](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/jen's-excellent-adventure-in-amsterdam)

[The Writing and Rewriting of EloCute: A NativeScript-Vue Story](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/the-writing-and-rewriting-of-elocute-a-nativescript-vue-story)

[Setting Up a Robust NativeScript-Vue Development Environment](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/setting-up-a-robust-nativescript-vue-development-environment)

[Using NativeScript to build Particle-powered mobile apps](https://www.hackster.io/brandonsatrom/using-nativescript-to-build-particle-powered-mobile-apps-ea6e99)

[Unsung Heroes of Vue: Igor Randjelovic](https://medium.com/@oneminutejs/unsung-heroes-of-vue-igor-randjelovic-5a3cb92907a3)

[Key-Value Local Storage in a Vue.js NativeScript App with Vuex](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/key-value-local-storage-in-a-vue.js-nativescript-app-with-vuex)

[Data Management with SQLite and Vuex in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/data-management-with-sqlite-and-vuex-in-a-nativescript-vue-app)

[Getting Started with building Mobile Apps with NativeScript and Vue.js](https://itnext.io/getting-started-with-building-mobile-apps-with-nativescript-and-vue-js-59a7dcf24cd)

[Make HTTP Requests to Remote Web Services in a NativeScript-Vue App](https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2018/07/02/vue-js-native-script-vue-http-web-service/)

[Include Feature-Rich Maps in a NativeScript-Vue App with Mapbox](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/include-feature-rich-maps-in-a-nativescript-vue-app-with-mapbox)

[Using Typescript in Nativescript-Vue Apps](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-typescript-in-nativescript-vue/)

[Using Fonticons](https://nativescript-vue.org/blog/using-fonticons/)

[Renderless Components in NativeScript-Vue](https://www.nativescript.org/blog/renderless-components-in-nativescript-vue)

## Videos

[Creating Engaging Mobile Apps with NativeScript and Vue](https://www.todojs.com/creating-engaging-mobile-apps-with-nativescript-and-vue/)

[A New Vue for NativeScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDqsuLQqLrQ)

[Jen Looper - Cheese Comparing NativeScript, Ionic, and React Native for Mobile App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Kqtg1Mw2wc)

## Slider's

[Create An Engaging Mobile App With NativeScript And Vue.Js](http://slides.com/telerikdevrel/ns-vue#/)

## Code Examples:

### Playground: 

[Easy app for drawing circles](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-vue&id=nbDfjl)

[Example FontAwesome](https://play.nativescript.org/?template=play-vue&id=0MEBO4&v=2)

### GitHub:

[TableDraw (example of using socket.io)](https://github.com/Gonzalo2310/PanelDraw-NativeScript-Vue)

[A NativeScript+Vue iOS and Android app for managing grocery lists](https://github.com/tralves/groceries-ns-vue)

[Web site and Mobile app for language teachers and their students](https://github.com/jlooper/elocute)

[A story about how I finally got Nativescript, Vue, Typescript, and Webpack 4 to be in the same room without screaming and hair-tearing.](https://github.com/sgehly/Nativescript-Vue-Typescript-Example)

[Demo project of ns-vue with code sharing between web and native builds.](https://github.com/tralves/ns-vue-codeshare-demo)


## Templates:

[A sample repo to show how to integrate the Vue-CLI template with a router](https://github.com/jlooper/ns-vue-with-router/)

[A Vue-CLI (2.x) template with `.vue` file support.](https://github.com/nativescript-vue/vue-cli-template)

[Boilerplate app with Vuex, vue-router, side drawer, login page, etc.](https://github.com/thiagohagy/nativescriptVueTemplate)
